it is a defense against the question he
knows i'm about to give him money so
he's gonna put his hand across me to
block these been against my knee what
I'm going to do is I want to try that
same hand wrap it around the leg and
then with my head I'm going to push it
this way the leg I'm hoping this ham at
that point right away bring him down or
control from the clinch you block me
then we're gonna give them to me and
grab that gotta love this life
yeah I want to meet him he's not allowed
to give me this hand the forehead so
this hand brought one through this one
Robin I'm reach around that leg sorry to
run that light with my head I'm not
pushing over pushing over control hands
on their loud me about this online
this next move was basically the same
thing I'm going under pummel from a homo
position he's it up walking and he
doesn't want to heal so what I'm going
to do the exact same thing I'm gonna
drop the honor drop the arms crossed in
front of me so he doesn't really get a
chance to pull it out this time I'm
going to do is I'm going to go down
let's take the leg but I'm going to take
it now with two hands in the monkey grab
it prom wrap it and then I'm going to
take him down let's ring my eat up pics
on a grant right honey black market
about sighs people do a leg lock my crew
to a labor how to do the leg lock is
that the same hand on the same market
they go like this but what happens is it
because it's much more finger up here
you don't get that feeling of the bone
against it so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to switch on the other side so
that way I right all my phone against
the magnet Achilles tendon pocket
so that we all have waiters against his
leg he doesn't have a chance to kick me
in the face now you doesn't have a
chance to put it is like against me pull
this to pull his leg up on it push my
hips okay
come here I brought that on walking his
leg within a monkey quick and then I
pull this leg feel this this direction
three money damn is already running my
outfit but I'm going to switch hand so
that way if good leverage on it then put
a bona nox the same hand that is
underneath the one he blames on my
armpit I'm gonna switch the awkward it's
a lot tied it up sit down across my
bagel and I lay down on the length if I
go this way he got the chance to kick me
in the face or push this out what up so
I lay down on that leg so he can't
really use that lady and immobilize him
that leg chew food is knighted we're
getting heated I reach down and take
that I pull that Barry's mother's
already gonna need my army I switch it
this one goes under my bride all right
go sit down my leg over and I go instant
sing like a lot of personal watch my
hips push my hips in i'm coolin he feels
it a lot more again because this part
where i was to me you didn't feel the
crunch of the ball against immaculate
intended that's why sweetie the other
side hi I'm not your standard founder
the challenges of Defense's all these
techniques and stuff my face is also on
our website you can check out our
website at triple w fries Egyptian calm
and I like to thank you tube driving the
opportunity to give us this moment show
all techniques that we actually can show
based on passion